Subtitle by Đam Mê Việt - D2M Subteam
What are you doing?
You intend to do wrong things when I'm not in wary
Well
I see there is something on your face, so I intend to help you
That's all.
Help me? Help me within closing your eyes?
Oops... well
If I say I intend to kiss you, what next?
You can kiss my elbow. Are you crazy?
What are you saying?
Episode 10: "Step by step..."
Mom... Mom
Mom!
She came back home when you were sleeping!
You're hungry, right?
I'm a kind person, I'll buy something for you!
Thank you
It's okay, I'm very easy on eating
I can eat everything as long as it's not poisonous!
Why do I have to empoison into you food?
I only put some flirting things into it.
Flirting?
You need to keep it and sprinkle to other girls
I don't wanna eat your residue.
So, I will go and buy you some food!
Seems like... there are someone who's growing up very fast! My plane sister!
I can't still catch up with you and another one, don't think that I'm blinded!
What are you saying? I can't understand at all
Eat quickly, you have to go to school!
Why you' smile?
I'm your elder sister, don't think that I don't know anything.
- What are you talking about? Seems very funny! Can I join?
- Mom, We're talking about...
Nothing, mom!
I asked her for buying me something
- Why don't you call me?
I'm afraid of annoying you.
- Yes, of coure
- That's why I asked her!
Right, you need to ask her!
- What do I nurture her for? For you to have her do small-orders
- Mommmm!
Are you scolding me?
No, I'm not
- Turn your voice softer
- Mommm!
- Softer
- Mom!
That's why I'm always angry with her!
Ah, I can't take you to school!
- Yes
- Uncle Tu will come and repair the water pipe for our home.
So please go to school alone, I will check the pipe with uncle Tu.
God God God! Why does he have to repair our pipes again?
I repaired it yesterday!
Repair everyday?
There are some problems with our pipes, he wanna help. You're so rude!
No problem, I will book the bike by myself!
But the importance is... please give me more money!
I will give you double
- My dear
- My lovely mom!
Love mom!
Hey boy,
You intend to go to school by your injured feet?
Maybe you have to change a new foot when you arrive at school
Do you wanna go with me? I take you
No need!
Go...
Uh... ah...
- It's up to you!
- Let's go!
- Lam bro!
- Hey, everyone!
- Lam...
Hurt, My foot is still hurt, damn you!
Are you okay? Sit here!
Slow, slow, calm down!
Sit down! Why do you have to keep standing?
Sorry everyone
Because of making you all worry
And now, we have to prepare for our music contest
We loss in the basketball match!
But now, About the music contest
That's our forte, we can't be a loser
Now, fighting!
- Fighting
- Why so weak? Again
Fighting
Moreover
We've discussed to choose some suitable songs!
Now wait for your decision and then we will start practising!
Okay
Let me try to listen them!
Hey, Dang
How are you going to do in the music contest?
I see...
We can't believe in anyone in this team except you!
I will get someone to help
Rent the singer?
It's the secret!
That's my last hit!
Seems so dangerous!
Mr: Tam: I have something to say, meet you on the terrace, I won't leave if I don't meet you.
Why do you evade me?
You knew about me that... ?
- I...
I can't understand, but...
I didn't evade you at all!
I've recollected the thing that night
I'm sorry
But, the fact is...
You are very same with that one
The one who left me because of his responsibility with family
I don't blame him
But... I still very hurt
No... cannot
We are student and teacher
Moreover, I'm not your ex.
- I'm not a substitute, too
- Dung